{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34000\viewh20100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Here is exactly how to articulate your mission to your consultancy, investors, or potential clients. It clearly defines your immediate goal, what you are offering, and what you need in return.\
You can use this as your "North Star" document for this phase of your business.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \uc0\u55356 \u57263  The Mission Statement\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 "Our immediate mission is to secure one to three forward-thinking, mid-to-large FMCG brands in Belgium to act as Pilot Partners. We will provide them with unprecedented, cross-retailer promotional data for free (or at a steep discount) in exchange for their feedback and the right to use their success story as a foundational case study on our B2B website."
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 Why This is the Mission (The Strategy)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 In the B2B data industry, you cannot sell a \'8020,000/year dashboard to a Category Manager if you don't have social proof. They need to see that another brand has already trusted you and gotten results.\
Your mission right now is not to maximize revenue; your mission is to 
\f1\b manufacture trust
\f0\b0 . You need a "Hero Use Case" that proves your 5,000-panelist Snowflake model + Daltix enrichment actually works in the real world.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 Who We Are Looking For (The Target Profile)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 The consultancy needs to hunt for a very specific type of partner for this pilot:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Size:
\f0\b0  Mid-field to large Belgian brands (e.g., Lotus, Spadel, Pauwels, Vandemoortele). 
\f2\i No niche or long-tail brands.
\f0\i0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Role:
\f0\b0  Trade Marketing Managers, Shopper Insights Managers, or Category Managers.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Trigger Event:
\f0\b0  A brand that has either just run a major promotion (like a 1+1 Free at Delhaize) or is about to run one in the next few weeks.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Mindset:
\f0\b0  A decision-maker who is frustrated with how slow and expensive GfK/Kantar is, and who is willing to try an agile, tech-forward alternative.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 The Pitch: How the Consultancy Sells the "Partnership"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 When your consultancy reaches out to these targets, they shouldn't sound like a typical sales team. They should pitch an exclusive opportunity.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Here is the angle they should use:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \strokec2 "We are launching a new, agile retail data platform in Belgium. We track 5,000 households and match their cross-retailer receipts with Daltix promo data, giving a one-week lag on market intelligence. We are currently looking for two mid-market brands to be our 'Pilot Partners.' If you let us track your next major supermarket promotion, we will build you a custom 'Source of Volume' dashboard to show you exactly which competitors you stole market share from, and whether you cannibalized your own sales across retailers. You get this high-value intelligence for free; we just ask to use the anonymized results as a case study."
\f0\i0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 The "Win-Win" Outcome\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What the Brand Gets:
\f0\b0  A cutting-edge, cross-retailer promo analysis that Colruyt or Delhaize cannot provide, allowing them to measure the true ROI of their trade marketing spend\'97at zero risk.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What You Get:
\f0\b0  1. Real-world feedback to perfect your Snowflake data model and dashboard UI. 2. The brand's logo to put on your website ("Trusted by..."). 3. A documented ROI story (e.g., 
\f2\i "How Brand X discovered 40% of their promo sales were cannibalized from another retailer"
\f0\i0 ).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Once you have that case study, the consultancy's job shifts from "finding a partner" to "selling subscriptions," because you will finally have the ultimate proof that your product works.\
}